(wand swishing)
(fast-paced piano music)
[Narrator] In the year 2020 CE,
the human world is
connected by a network.
That network is inhabited
by an unknown life
form called Digimon.
(orchestral music)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
Tai Kamiya.
He was just an ordinary boy
enjoying his summer break
when the extraordinary happened.
After finding out that
his family was caught
in a cyber-terrorism
attack in Tokyo,
he was called by
a mysterious voice
and pulled into the
world of the Network.
He encountered
mysterious life forms
called Digimon and then...
(roaring)
[Izzy] It looks like
they're targeting
the American military's
tactical data network.
The Digimon could
easily take control
of any of their weapons.
If that happens, it could
lead to all-out war!
It would mean the
end of the world!
(roaring)
[Tai] Hey, hold up!
(dramatic techno music)
Huh?
[Gururumon] Howling blaster!
You owe me one for that.
[Greymon] Hm. So you're
still around, huh?
[Tai] That kid is human, right?
Maybe not the
friendliest human, but...
Gururumon, let's
get out of here.
[Gururumon] Are you sure?
We have to go. Now.
(Gururumon growling)
[Greymon] Tai.
We should get out of here too.
Either they're
trying to ditch us
or they're super fast!
Or both.
[Tai] Here they are again!
They're coming our way.
Greymon!
[Greymon] Nova Blast!
(explosion)
I guess I don't owe you
one anymore! (laughing)
Is Greymon cool or
is Greymon cool?
Looks like you guys are
trying to stop those
wild Digimon too,
isn't that right?
We oughta just work together.
My name's Tai Kamiya,
but you can call me Tai!
Or just sit there in silence...
Hey Izzy! You watching this?
I made a friend!
[Izzy] Oh! Hi there,
it's nice to meet you.
And my name is Koshiro Izumi.
Just where is this
friend of yours?
[Tai] Musashi-Kosugi Station.
What, haven't you heard of it?
Where are you from?
(Izzy gasps)
[Izzy] Uh, Tai? I don't
think we have time
for that now. I'm
getting a clearer picture
of the military crisis.
[Tai] How's it looking?
[Izzy] I think they've
lost control of their
command systems because
of these attacks.
And this hasn't been confirmed,
but their defense programs
don't seem to be working either.
This isn't looking too good.
How do you know all of this?
Because knowing stuff
is just what Izzy does.
He's like a human search engine!
[Izzy] Well, it's more
like I'm connected
to some people who
are web experts,
and if there's something
I can't find on my own,
they'll tell me
what I need to know.
Hey, wait a second.
Isn't all that stuff actually
classified information?
Let's worry about
what's classified
after we save the world.
Come on, tell the truth,
don't you think we'll be
stronger if we formed a
team and worked together?
(sighing)
[Kid] You're Izumi, right?
Uh, that's right.
This guy's name is Gururumon.
And my name is Matt Ishida.
I look forward to
seeing what you can do.
Of course! Anything
you need, Matt!
(Tai laughing)
Yeah, all right! We're gonna
be the tightest team ever!
So let's all work together
and we can totally-
Hey, stop!
Working together means
we gotta, you know,
like be together?
Are you kidding me?
[Matt] Hey, Izumi.
[Izzy] Huh?
[Matt] Can you tell me
what's happening with that
military right now?
[Izzy] Uh, yeah! Sure!
It looks like the
military's trying to regain
control of their
systems, but they haven't
been able to make
any progress yet.
So, Matt. Do you have one of
these controller things too?
[Matt] Yeah, Izumi, I do.
[Izzy] Actually, you
can just call me Izzy.
Who is Matt? Where'd
he come from, anyway?
I kinda get the feeling
he knows a lot more about
this world than we do.
(computer notification sound)
(Izzy gasping)
[Izzy] I've just received
some alarming information
Huh?
[Izzy] People are
saying something about
a nuclear submarine.
Yeah, what about it?
HQ! We have an emergency!
We've lost control of
the sub's navigation.
It's now completely
out of our hands,
we're rapidly
approaching the surface!
Captain! The missile launch
control system is activating!
[Captain] What?
The information I'm getting
says a nuclear submarine
in the Atlantic has
recently received
a command to attack!
It's preparing to
launch a missile!
What? No way!
Izzy, when's it gonna launch?
And what's its target?
Sorry, I only have
bits and pieces
of information right now.
[Matt] Izzy, can you
tell me the location
over here that's
responsible for controlling
that missile launch?
The Digimon causing this
should be in that area.
(Izzy gasps)
[Izzy] If I analyze all
the information that
I've gotten up until
now, I may be able to
find a route into
the military system.
Strike that, I will find it!
I just need you to
give me some time.
Alright, Izzy. We're
counting on you!
(suspenseful techno music)
I've got it! I found a route in.
Nice job, Izzy! Way to go!
[Izzy] I've plotted
a course there from
both of your locations.
Just follow this route
and you'll get there
as fast as possible.
There isn't much time left now.
Good luck you guys!
We're on it, Izzy!
Let's go, Greymon!
You got it!
(dramatic orchestral music)
(alarm blaring)
You okay, Tai?
I think so. Huh?
[Izzy] Tai, what
you're looking at is
the missile system's network.
You have to get rid of
the Digimon causing this.
There's only two
minutes and ten seconds
until the missile is launched!
[Tai] Yeah, no pressure, right?
Here they come!
We'll never get through
this many fast enough!
Is that the boss?
Well, it is the
biggest one here.
(explosion)
(dramatic music)
Alright, go on! Attack!
Hey wait, Matt!
Just stay there!
[Tai] Why?!
(lasers firing)
He doesn't want help?
What's he thinking?
Tai, look! That big
one's wide open now!
It's an invitation to
a smack down party!
[Tai] Now I get what Matt
and Gururumon are doing.
This is just what
they were aiming for.
(Greymon roaring)
Let's go.
(upbeat techno music)
Only one minute and fifty
seconds left until launch
Now go!
[Greymon] Nova Blast!
[Gururumon] Howling Blaster!
Yeah, got him!
Well, that wasn't so hard.
As far as, you know,
saving the world goes.
I figured out what
you were doing.
I mean, eventually.
But it would've been
easier if you just
said something first!
Huh?
It's not over.
(rumbling)
(orchestral music)
It digivolved again.
How many times
do we have to beat this guy?
Hey Matt, wait!
[Greymon] Yeah, so
he's not waiting.
[Tai] Clearly!
Come on, let's go Greymon!
Yeah!
Greymon, go!
(Greymon grunting)
Oh no, Matt!
[Izzy] Tai! Matt!
Gururumon!
[Tai] Greymon!
Matt, listen. We can't
win by fighting alone.
But, if we work together
again, we can beat anything!
So why weren't we able
to finish it off earlier?
You guys, there's no time left,
the missile's just
about to launch!
We need to find a way
to stop it somehow.
(grunting)
[Tai] Greymon!
Come on, Matt. You know
a way we can win, right?
Then let's do it!
The only way I know
is too dangerous.
Best case scenario, it works out
but it's a double-edged sword.
If we fail, who knows
what will happen
to Gururumon and Greymon.
That's a chance I'm
willing to take.
[Tai] You sure?
[Gururumon] After all,
there's no other way, right?
Whatever happens,
we can handle it.
[Tai] You know
what? You're right.
There's nothing we can't do
if we put our heads together.
I'm not worried
because I've got
faith in Greymon.
And you've got faith too!
In Gururumon.
(epic music)
[Tai] Go get him, Greymon!
I'm counting on you.
Leave it to me!
[Matt] Gururumon, go!
[Gururumon] Right!
Yeah, keep up the
barrage Greymon!
[Matt] Now, Gururumon!
(roaring)
Good call using those
ultra close-range attacks.
Gururumon!
Greymon, go!
[Tai and Matt] Fire!
(grunting)
(Tai laughing)
[Izzy] It's not over!
That beast's not done!
(timer beeping)
(missile soaring)
You guys, the missile,
it's been launched.
We're too late.
Wait, what's
happening? What now?
We have to end this.
[Tai] Greymon!
[Greymon] Nova Blast!
Howling Blaster!
(Izzy typing quickly)
[Izzy] If I can extrapolate
the missile's path
based on its initial
trajectory...
(Izzy gasps)
Are you kidding me right now?
[Izzy] Tai.
Huh?
I think I just figured out
where the missile's heading.
[Tai] Where?
It's heading right toward
Tokyo!
[Tai] What?!
[Izzy] If this missile hits,
then Tokyo will...
Tokyo will be
completely annihilated!
(orchestral music)
(grunting)
[Tai] We've got to find
a way to beat this thing!
(buzzing)
If we don't stop
this guy right now,
then Tokyo is
gonna be destroyed.
No. No way. I'll stop
this thing no matter what.
No one else can do this.
We are the only ones
who can stop it.
And we are.
Let's do this.
Tai, no!
Tai...
Huh?
What is this?
(high pitch techno noises)
♪ We've fallen rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Narrator] A missile
is closing in on Tokyo.
Can the new Digimon
work a miracle
and defeat their powerful enemy?
[Tai] Next time, on
Digimon Adventure:
And to the Digital World!
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.